java c
LUBS5326M Digitalization, Automation and the Future of Work
(Semester 1, 2024/2025)
Assessed Coursework
Please choose one of the following questions, and write a 2000-word essay answering it. Your answers should be appropriately referenced using relevant academic sources.1. “Automation and artificial intelligence are likely to greatly reduce the number of jobs available in the future”. Explain to what extent you agree or disagree with this statement, and why.2. To what extent is the platform. economy fundamentally changing the way we work?3. Evaluate what you see as the most important ways in which digital technologies are likely to affect job quality, and discuss what factors will enable better job quality outcomes in future.4. Evaluate the most important effects of digital technologies for HRM processes, identifying what you see as the most significant challenges and how they might be addressed. 
Assignments should be a maximum of 2,000 words in length.All coursework assignments that contribute to the assessment of a module are subject to a word limit, as specified in the online module handbook in the relevant module area of the MINERVA.  The word limit is an extremely important aspect of good academic practice, and must be adhered to.  Unless stated specifically otherwise in the relevant module handbook, the word count includes EVERYTHING (i.e. all text in the main body of the assignment including summaries, subtitles, contents pages, tables, supportive material whether in footnotes or in-text references) except the main title, reference list and/or bibliography and any appendices.  It is not acceptable to present matters of substance, which should be included in the main body of the text, in the appendices (“appendix abuse”).  It is not acceptable to attempt to hide words in graphs and diagrams; only text which is strictly necessary should be included in graphs and diagrams.You are required to adhere to the word limit specified and state an accurate word count on the cover page of your assignment brief.  Your declared word count must be accurate, and should n代 写LUBS5326M Digitalization, Automation and the Future of Work Semester 1, 2024/2025Matlab
代做程序编程语言ot mislead. Making a fraudulent statement concerning the work submitted for assessment could be considered academic malpractice and investigated as such.  If the amount of work submitted is higher than that specified by the word limit or that declared on your word count, this may be reflected in the mark awarded and noted through individual feedback given to you.
The deadline date for this assignment is 12:00:00 noon on Thursday 21th November 2024.An electronic copy of the assignment must be submitted to the Assignment Submission area within the module resource on the Blackboard MINERVA website no later than 12:00:00 noon prompt on the deadline date.
Faxed, emailed or hard copies of the assignment will not be accepted.  
Failure to meet this initial deadline will result in a reduction of marks, details of which can be found at the following place:
https://lubswww.leeds.ac.uk/TSG/coursework/
SUBMISSION
Please ensure that you leave sufficient time to complete the online submission process, as upload times can vary. Accessing the submission link before the deadline does NOT constitute completion of submission.  You MUST click the ‘CONFIRM’ button before 12:00:00 noon for your assignment to be classed as submitted on time, if not you will need to submit to the Late Area and your assignment will be marked as late.  It is your responsibility to ensure you upload the correct file to the MINERVA, and that it has uploaded successfully.
It is important that any file submitted follows the conventions stated below:
FILE NAMEThe name of the file that you upload must be your student ID only.ASSIGNMENT TITLEDuring the submission process the system will ask you to enter the title of your submission. This should also be your student ID only.FRONT COVERThe first page of your assignment should always be the Assessed Coursework Coversheet (individual), which is available to download from the following location:http://lubswww.leeds.ac.uk/TSG/index.php?id=27STUDENT NAMEYou should NOT include your name anywhere on your assignment


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
